Document the k6/experimental/webcrypto module (#1119)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/06 webcrypto/02 SubtleCrypto/05 generateKey.md

```
generateKey(algorithm, extractable, keyUsages)
```

## Parameters

| Name          | Type                                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `algorithm`   | `string`, [AesKeyGenParams](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/webcrypto/aeskeygenparams) or [HmacKeyGenParams](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/webcrypto/hmackeygenparams) | The type of key to generate. Can be either a string with any of the currently supported algorithms: `AES-CBC`, `AES-GCM`, `AES-CTR`, and `HMAC` as value, or any of the [AesKeyGenParams](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/webcrypto/aeskeygenparams) or [HmacKeyGenParams](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/webcrypto/hmackeygenparams) objects. |

> | `extractable` | `boolean`                                             | Indicates whether it will be possible to export the key using [exportKey](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/webcrypto/subtlecrypto/exportkey).                                                                                 |
> | `keyUsages`   | `Array<string>`                                       | An array of strings describing what operations can be performed with the key. Currently supported usages include: `encrypt`, `decrypt`, `sign`, and `verify`.                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `extractable` | `boolean`                                             | Whether the key can be exported using [exportKey](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/webcrypto/subtlecrypto/exportkey).                                                                                 |
| `keyUsages`   | `Array<string>`                                       | An array of strings describing what operations can be performed with the key. Currently supported usages include `encrypt`, `decrypt`, `sign`, and `verify`.                                                                |
```
